ADAPTED FROM THE NOVEL ZHU YU
BY TUAN ZI LAI XI ON JJWXC.NET
Your Majesty, Chancellor Wei
and Grand Tutor Li request an audience.
What brings both of you to see me?
Your Majesty, I must impeach
Chancellor Wei's son, Wei Xuan.
He forcibly requisitioned winter grain,
sparked a revolt, and deserted the front.
He even returned to the capital without
authorization and killed innocent people.
Justice demands punishment.
Easy there, Grand Tutor.
What's this about killing innocent people?
Chancellor Wei!
Your son broke
my youngest grandson's legs.
He'll likely never walk right again.
Was that just following orders,
or was it a crime without punishment?
Your Majesty,
if someone in this court can cover the sky
with one hand and silence us,
then I will have no choice
but to beat the drum of justice
and let the whole realm
judge right from wrong.
-This…
-Good.
I will gladly accompany you.
Don't…
Your Majesty, I have endured
all kinds of humiliation
for the sake of your dignity.
But Li Huaiqin dared to say
that my wife and I are at odds,
that my son isn't really mine.
He even suggested that I harbor feelings
for a childhood sweetheart,
now in the inner palace,
dragging in matters
involving the previous emperor
and secrets of the harem.
And now the Li family
dares to speculate and slander?
Fine.
I'll go with you to the drum of justice.
Let's lay everything out clearly
before the whole realm.
Let's go.
You're lying!
When did the Li family ever
speculate about you and the harem…
Your Majesty, I did not. I did not!
You just said it,
and now you're saying you didn't?
Both of you, please calm down.
Let's discuss this properly.
Grand Tutor Li
fills the court with slander.
I fear even Your Majesty
can't see through it all.
You must answer for this.
Let's go.
-Your Majesty!
-Both of you…
-I am wronged!
-Who wronged you?
It's Wei Yan who deceives
those above and bullies those below.
He doesn't take Your Majesty
seriously at all! Your Majesty!
-Your Majesty!
-Please don't damage your rapport.
Your Majesty!
Fine. If no one will listen,
then I won't be emperor anymore.
-What if I abdicate? Would that work?
-Stop!
You can't.
As the Son of Heaven,
you can't just take off
the dragon robe like that.
What would people think?
How dare you, Wei Yan?
You dare speak to His Majesty like that?
I'd say you're the one who's out of line!
I am guilty.
Enough.
Both of you were caught up in the moment,
and so was I.
In the end, it's all because Li Huaiqin
couldn't hold his tongue when drunk.
But since his legs are already broken
and he's been punished,
I'll send an imperial physician
to treat him.
Once he recovers,
transfer him to the Imperial Academy
to reform through study
and cultivate virtue.
As for Wei Xuan injuring someone,
though the circumstances
may be understandable,
the law is the law.
Taking justice into your own hands
is wrong.
For now, let's remove him
from his post as Military Commissioner.
He can redeem himself
through future merit.
In any case,
if I hear any more foul talk involving
the royal family's honor again,
don't blame me for being ruthless.
I obey the decree.
-Your Majesty, they're gone.
-Bah!
Your Majesty, please calm down.
Your Majesty,
if things go on like this,
Grand Tutor Li might turn against you.
Then what would you have me do?
Tell me. What should I do?
What should you do?
With Xie Zheng back,
Wei Yan's got his spine again.
Coming here today, he was
clearly slapping me in the face,
trying to break my alliance
with Grand Tutor Li.
Those two old schemers…
It's always either
one side wins or the other.
When will someone else show up
and give me a break?
Master, what did His Majesty say?
That useless Qi Sheng,
a fence-sitter. He's flipped again.
It's…
With Xie Zheng back,
Wei Yan's gained more leverage.
Looks like His Majesty
is no one to count on.
Our Li family
needs to find another way.
Master,
Qi Min is likely to make a big move soon.
Also, the Chancellor's investigation
into Jinzhou has a lead.
SUI YUANQING HAS THE TIGER TALLY. KEY
TO JINZHOU CASE AND WEI QILIN’S INJUSTICE
Word came from Chongzhou.
Should we inform the young master?
Seventeen years ago,
the tiger tally Wei Qilin brought
to mobilize troops was real.
But to Prince Changxin, it became a fake.
Caught between that real and fake tally,
the key figure
is the man who delivered it,
Wei Qilin himself.
WEI MANOR
After all these days,
you finally dare to come back?
I heard Mother is ill.
I couldn't stop worrying.
As for Li Huaiqin's legs,
I alone am responsible.
I'll face the consequences myself.
Face it yourself?
You think you're worthy
of upholding the Wei family's honor?
You think you can?
The official matter,
I've already handled it.
But you won't escape
the family discipline.
-Guards.
-Here.
12, 13,
14, 15,
16,
17,
18.
Punishment complete.
Father,
Mother is ill.
Won't you go and stay with her?
I've already sent
for the imperial physician.
Do you know why I broke
Li Huaiqin's legs that day?
He insulted me.
He said I'm not your son.
Said your true love is that
childhood sweetheart in the palace.
My mother
has served you all these years,
given you everything.
And now she lies ill in bed,
and you won't even look at your own wife?
Chancellor,
a letter from Wei Sheng.
It concerns the Marquis of Wu'an.
See?
I have official matters to attend to.
As for your mother,
take good care of her.
If there's nothing else, stay put.
Don't wander around.
You only care for Xie Zheng.
Have you ever treated
me and Mother as family?
Am I right?
You care for Xie Zheng like he's your own,
pour all your energy, all your thoughts,
into him alone.
And me?
I can only stand by and watch.
Have you ever really looked at me?
Once?
Even once?
What I hate most
is this cold indifference of yours.
Since I was a child, no matter what I did,
you never cared.
Is Xie Zheng your son, or am I?
Am I some bastard
you picked up off the street?
Am I?
You're not a child anymore.
The Grand Princess has arrived.
Your Highness,
His Majesty is occupied
with state affairs.
Please calm down. I couldn't stop her.
Never mind.
I didn't expect you to stop her anyway.
You may go.
As you command.
I hear my royal brother wants to grant me
in marriage to the Marquis of Wu'an.
Sister, I found you
a legendary hero for a husband.
Why aren't you pleased?
I'll kill you!
-Stop hitting me, Sister!
-Stand still.
It hurts.
But Sister, didn't you use to say
you admired the Marquis of Wu'an?
That you wanted to marry him?
I was only six years old then.
Six years old!
-You just want the Marquis on your side.
-Sister…
-Stop hitting me.
-Using my marriage as an excuse.
Keep this up, and it won't be pretty.
So you do care about appearances?
First, you try to sell me off
to the Li family,
now to the Xie family.
Am I still the Grand Princess or not?
Do I have any dignity left?
I need my dignity too, Sister.
You're also a Qi.
Can you really stand by and watch
those two old dogs push me around?
I've lived in fear
for 17 years, Sister.
Sister, have you ever read
of such a pathetic emperor
in all the books?
Xie Zheng isn't Wei Yan.
Even without marriage as a favor,
he could still serve you, Brother.
Then… can you…
vouch for him forever, Sister?
Prince Changxin,
17 years ago,
he never imagined he'd rebel.
Everyone thought his family,
all of them, were dead.
And now suddenly there's this
Sui Yuanhuai faking his death
and escaping?
Anyway, Brother, stop playing matchmaker.
Or I'll be back.
This military training,
I may not have learned much else,
but warfare?
I've got it down pretty well.
I hear you. You've scared me enough.
Quick. Fetch Li Xiang.
Now.
Losing one ear won't kill him.
WEI MANOR
BY IMPERIAL GRACE
Chancellor, please save me.
Someone wants to depose me.
Chancellor,
from now on, I'll be obedient.
Everything before,
I was misled by the Li family.
-Chancellor?
-Your Majesty.
-Chancellor.
You are the Son of Heaven, Your Majesty.
You should comport yourself as such.
How can you lose your composure like this?
Are rebel forces at the gates?
Is someone plotting to force the throne?
No to both.
The palace still stands.
The walls are intact.
Why such fear, Your Majesty?
Yes, I lost my composure.
Li Xiang returned from Jizhou, saying
there are rumors spreading in the army.
Someone from
the former Eastern Palace appeared.
Seventeen years ago,
you ensured I took the throne.
I know that in this world,
only you will always stand with me.
You're the only one I trust.
Your Majesty.
Chancellor.
I'm truly unsettled. My heart is racing.
Rumors about the former Eastern Palace
have surfaced several times
over the past decade.
I'll handle them.
But Your Majesty,
you received the throne
through abdication from the late emperor,
in full legitimacy.
What is there to fear?
Your Majesty must not forget,
in the northwest,
there is a newly risen general
of great merit
who saved the people
from suffering and won their hearts.
You should
seize this chance to win this person over.
Only then can you secure
the people's trust
and demonstrate your imperial authority.
You mean that pig-slaughtering woman,
Fan Changyu?
She does have some courage and strength,
and she did kill Prince Changxin
on the battlefield.
But she's of low birth,
with no roots or connections at court.
How could she serve me?
Don't forget.
That woman holds command
over half the Jizhou army.
She's also someone
the Li family is trying to win over.
If you summon her to court now,
while her merits pile up,
and honor her properly,
it shows your favor.
Excellent. Very well.
I'll follow the Chancellor's counsel.
Quickly issue my decree.
Summon Fan Changyu and all meritorious
officers who helped quell the rebellion
to the capital immediately
to receive their titles.
Our dynasty's first
formidable female general,
I will personally preside
over their investiture ceremony.
Your Majesty is truly wise.
The Qis are all liars, just as despicable.
Be careful, Chancellor.
Even the emperor knows
about the former Eastern Palace now.
Is he planning to leave it open?
Is Xie Jiuheng…
trying to become the second Wei Yan?
By imperial decree.
"The rebel prince Changxin raised
insurrection in the western frontier.
The female general Fan Changyu, with
loyalty and courage, vanquished the enemy
and cut down
the rebel leader on the battlefield.
I commend her merit
and specially appoint her
as Flower-Adorned General,
rank fourth,
and bestow upon her
the purple and gold fish pouch.
She is hereby ordered
to present herself at the capital
for an audience
and receive her investiture."
So this is the capital.
Look at these buildings,
these streets, all these people.
Cang, quick, pinch me.
Am I dreaming?
Ow. Not dreaming.
All of you, mind yourselves.
Don't let anyone figure out
we're from the countryside.
So what if we're from the country?
Fan earned her rank
with a pig-slaughtering blade
out in the sticks.
Who dares look down on her?
Look at our female general, so commanding.
If General Fan were a man,
I'd seek out a marriage.
Maybe she's got a brother.
If I can't marry her,
being her sister-in-law would be nice too.
Never thought she'd look even handsomer
on horseback than any young lad.
I hear His Majesty is hosting
the investiture ceremony himself.
Really?
-General Fan, formidable!
-General Fan!
General Fan!
By His Majesty's decree,
summon Li Huai'an,
Military Administrator of Jizhou,
and Fan Changyu,
Flower-Adorned General, to an audience.
DILIGENT IN RULE, DEVOTED TO THE WORTHY
-Long live the Emperor!
Rise, my loyal ministers.
Thank you, Your Majesty.
Take a look, my ministers.
These are the backbone of our Dayin.
I dare not accept such praise.
Loyal service to Your Majesty
is a subject's duty.
Moreover, in this campaign,
the greatest credit belongs to General He
and the Marquis of Wu'an.
General He and the Marquis of Wu'an
are indeed pillars of Dayin.
My heart aches deeply
over General He's death at Lucheng.
I've barely eaten for days.
Thankfully, Dayin has the Marquis of Wu'an
and loyal ministers like you,
so I and all of you can rest easy.
I will not fail
Your Majesty's expectations.
I hear a female general has emerged
from among our people.
Step forward and let me see you.
Commander Fan Changyu
pays her respects to Your Majesty.
Closer.
Commander Fan Changyu
pays her respects to Your Majesty.
Raise your head.
A true iron-willed peony.
Are you married, General?
To answer Your Majesty,
I already have a husband.
Then where is your husband now?
When conscription began earlier this year,
my husband went to the front.
Eager to find him,
I ended up joining the army myself
along the way.
But the Battle of Lucheng was so brutal.
To this day, I don't know
if he's alive or dead.
Alive or dead, you say?
Then perhaps, General, you might--
In my 17 years on the throne,
this is the first time
I've seen a female general.
I was momentarily overcome just now.
Minister Fan, in quelling the rebellion,
you first killed Shi Hu,
then beheaded Prince Changxin.
Truly, your contributions
cannot be overlooked.
I hereby specially appoint you
as Flower-Adorned General,
with the added honor
of Fourth-Rank Noble Lady.
Commander Fan Changyu thanks Your Majesty
for your boundless grace.
Your Majesty,
since the founding of Dayin,
there has never been a female general
holding rank above five.
Appointing a Flower-Adorned General
is already without precedent,
-let alone
-Seems the Grand Tutor's faction
-half of the command in the northwest.
-is still clinging to half the army.
Your Majesty, I urge you to reconsider.
Reporting to Your Majesty.
General Fan is unlike any ordinary woman.
She took Prince Changxin's head and
single-handedly turned the tide of battle.
-She deserves the highest credit.
-Military Administrator Li,
mind your words before His Majesty.
I hear that before joining the army,
General Fan
was a pig-slaughtering woman
from some remote border town.
But how could that be?
To kill the formidable Prince Changxin,
-surely not--
-I thank Grand Tutor Li for the praise.
As a rustic woman, I know nothing else,
only that pork must be butchered clean,
and enemies must be cut down hard.
General Fan, this is not
your filthy pig-slaughtering pen.
Now that you hold an official title,
you must mind your words
and conduct at all times,
especially here in court,
especially before His Majesty
and the Grand Tutor.
You speak well.
Speaking of pigsties,
I keep mine spotless,
and my pigs are fat and healthy.
But there are always some rotten pigs
that insist on pissing
and shitting everywhere.
No matter how clean the place,
it ends up filthy.
It's…
Who are you calling a pig?
Don't be upset, Minister.
I didn't say you were a pig.
General Fan is quite amusing.
Her words may be blunt,
but they carry some truth.
General Fan, sharp words
are no substitute for battle merits.
As a military officer,
your duty is to protect the realm,
not to spar with words here.
Grand Tutor Li speaks well.
I certainly know the importance
of protecting the realm.
But when the border folk were suffering,
where were you with your smug remarks?
You…
Enough.
General Fan's forthright nature
is truly refreshing,
quite unlike ordinary women.
No wonder she's earned
such illustrious battle merits.
As they say, a hero's origins matter not.
We court officials
should show her some leniency.
As for the military command,
we can discuss it another day.
Thank you, Chancellor Wei.
I stand here today
thanks to your generosity.
But I don't see this as mere wordplay.
Court is like butchering.
Both require rules.
Butchering demands a clean kill.
Speaking in court
demands hitting the mark.
All these twists and turns,
how can they solve anything?
Take the Battle of Lucheng.
If the soldiers had all hung back,
who would have held the city?
General Fan's words
are reasonable point by point,
just lacking in decorum.
You must study proper etiquette
from now on.
The Chancellor speaks truly.
My habit of speaking bluntly
really does need correcting.
Oh,
and the Marquis asked me to pay respects
at his parents' graves for him.
Chancellor, would you like
to pay respects to your sister
and General Xie as well?
If there's no further business, Ministers,
you may withdraw.
Speak if you have business.
If not, this court is dismissed.
We respectfully see His Majesty off.
Nice place.
Not many nice people.
Nowhere near as good as Lin'an.
General Fan,
you shouldn't make
so many enemies at court.
Grandfather.
So you do remember I'm your grandfather.
Go home.
General Fan, please wait.
I'm not your grandson.
What? you want to lecture me too?
General Fan,
your performance in court today
left quite an impression.
Now that you've earned
His Majesty's praise,
everyone hails you
as a heroine among women.
But as a woman,
you'll marry and bear children
sooner or later.
No matter how great your merits,
this is as far as you'll go.
A sparrow can never reach the high branch.
It will never become a phoenix.
Women can marry, bear children,
and still earn merits.
Besides, what's it to you?
General Fan, have you heard the saying,
"A wise man submits to circumstances?"
Fine.
I will now wisely take my leave.
Master.
Grand Tutor, nice palanquin.
Pride comes before a fall.
She'll trip up sooner or later.
LONGQING GATE
-Master.
-Grand Tutor.
Master, are you alright?
-Master.
-Fan Changyu…
Just you wait.
Chancellor Wei collapses in anger.
Grand Tutor Li tumbles from his palanquin.
The Grand Princess has arrived.
Sister.
What's all the joy about?
You… Do you know
General Fan came to court today?
She's truly an extraordinary person.
Let me tell you, Sister,
since I ascended the throne,
I've never laughed so freely as today.
Tell me. What kind of person is she?
Changyu…
Changyu is forthright and honest,
simple and lovely.
Her martial skill is exceptional.
She is utterly sincere with friends,
willing to die for her comrades,
and toward the Marquis of Wu'an,
she is even more…
Even more what toward
the Marquis of Wu'an?
When you return to the capital, do not
reveal anything about Changyu and me.
Someone might seize on it
to stir up trouble.
She holds him in high esteem.
They are comrades who fought side by side.
So she is not only formidable in battle,
she can also influence Xie Zheng.
I've been worrying about
having no one useful.
This woman suits me perfectly.
Grandfather,
though Qi Min is an imperial grandson,
he is no worthy ruler.
His nature is twisted,
his methods vicious.
If our Li family helps him reclaim power,
once he's in control,
that will be the beginning
of suffering for all the people.
Look at Qi Sheng now,
just a puppet of Wei Yan.
His virtue doesn't match his position.
His talent doesn't fit his role.
And Wei Yan's character…
I don't need to tell you.
You know it well.
In past campaigns, he showed
total disregard for the people's lives,
forcing grain levies
while the people starved, displaced,
dying in the streets.
That misery, all his doing.
That's what true cruelty looks like.
That's what really
makes the people suffer.
Qi Min's cruelty far exceeds Wei Yan's.
I saw it with my own eyes.
Grandfather.
Our Li family has served loyally
for generations.
We cannot aid a tyrant,
cannot let a man
of such vile character ascend the throne.
But he is Crown Prince Chengde's heir.
He carries the true bloodline
of the royal house.
All these years, wandering and suffering,
it's only natural
his nature became disordered.
You should understand.
Don't judge too hastily.
Grandfather, ever heard
of "killing the dog
once the game is caught"?
My boy,
your teacher He Jingyuan
had principles, upheld righteousness.
He was a first-rate hero of Dayin.
And he died on the battlefield.
In the end, it all came to nothing.
No matter how much
you talk about duty to the state,
what difference does it make?
Then you shouldn't have sent me
to the northwest in the first place.
I ask you to think clearly.
Is the current emperor
a wise ruler or a foolish one?
Does he benefit the realm or not?
Master.
Surround the study immediately.
If he dares act rashly,
detain him at once,
then report back.
Yes, sir.
Qi Min is settled.
He's at…
GUO'S TAVERN
JINGQUE HOUSE
Come here.
-Sir, what are you doing?
-Beauty…
Please don't, sir.
Where are you going?
We haven't finished our drinks.
Little lady, don't run. Little lady!
Sir.
General Fan, come join us.
Yeah, General Fan, come on in.
No, thanks. You enjoy yourselves.
It's…
Sir, come catch me.
Alright.
Socializing? What does that mean?
It's when you eat and drink
with a bunch of strangers,
and by the time you're done,
they're not strangers anymore.
How about socializing with me?
Right here, with me.
JINGQUE HOUSE
General Fan.
-General Fan, until we meet again.
-Until we meet again.
Until we meet again.
-Sir, let me see you out.
-Master, are you drunk?
-Come again next time.
-Definitely.
Remember to bring the bracelet
that you promised to me.
-Let's go, Fan?
-I'm going to take a stroll.
You all go ahead.
-Eh?
-Don't forget about me.
Coat.
You all wait here. I'll go check.
Why are you here?
I missed you.
ZHANG'S NOODLES
Aren't you afraid someone will see us?
So what if they do?
It's your first time to the capital.
I was worried about you.
But seeing
our Flower-Adorned General
handling things so smoothly,
I'm relieved.
Those officials,
none of them care about the truth
of 17 years ago anymore.
In the puppet plays,
when someone kneels
before the throne, gets justice,
good and evil punished,
all fake.
The emperor's no help either.
Don't worry.
I'll search for the truth with you.
We'll clear your father's name.
Thank you.
-Go home?
-Go home? Aren't we waiting for Changyu?
Didn't you say the capital's full of
bad people? Shouldn't we look out for her?
Right.
Today in court, the emperor
asked Changyu if she had a husband.
What's he up to?
That bastard emperor…
He definitely wants her in the palace.
What good could he possibly have in mind?
You're catching on.
You stop chattering.
With the Marquis of Wu'an around,
no one in this world can hurt her.
Worrying yourselves sick over nothing.
Pointless, completely pointless.
You go back.
I'll take my walk alone.
HUMBLE YOURSELF AND STAY ON GUARD
-I pay my respects to Your Majesty.
What brings both of you before me today?
Your Majesty, I have a memorial to submit.
That Flower-Adorned General, Fan Changyu,
behaves arrogantly
and oversteps her bounds.
She undermines
the very foundation of Dayin.
Not only did she defy Chancellor Wei,
she showed disrespect to me as well.
I request that Your Majesty
take appropriate action.
Chancellor Wei, you've also come
to impeach General Fan?
No, Your Majesty.
I've come to commend General Fan.
A few days ago, Your Majesty
mentioned those rumors
about the former Eastern Palace.
I've investigated thoroughly.
General Fan not only
killed Prince Changxin
on the battlefield
and rendered great service,
she also saved the bloodline
of Crown Prince Chengde,
the imperial grandson.
He is the direct heir
of the former Eastern Palace.
General Fan has performed
a great deed this time.
She deserves recognition for her valor.
What wonderful news!
Chancellor Wei,
the royal bloodline concerns
the very foundation of Dayin.
It cannot be mistaken.
Seventeen years ago,
the Eastern Palace fire
killed the crown prince's wife
and their son.
So,
how could this imperial great-grandson
appear out of nowhere?
And where is this person now?
After the Battle of Lucheng,
the imperial grandson indeed disappeared.
I request permission
to issue a reward decree.
Search the entire realm for him.
If we truly recover the royal bloodline,
it will ease Your Majesty's concerns
about succession.
As for true or false,
there are ways to determine that.
Even if the chance is slim,
we cannot give up.
Only thus can we honor
the late emperor's boundless grace.
The Chancellor speaks wisely.
I leave the matter of the reward
in your capable hands.
Be sure… Be sure to find my poor nephew.
Grandfather, please calm down.
Don't hurt yourself.
That Marquis of Wu'an…
Does he truly have fortune on his side?
Committing the gravest offenses,
yet evading consequence every time.
No.
Whatever it takes,
we must drive a wedge between uncle and
nephew, make them tear each other apart.
Send someone immediately.
Find a way to get word
to Xie Zheng by any means.
Tell him, 17 years ago,
on Wei Yan's way back to the capital,
he received a message from Lady Qi.
That's what led to the deaths
of his father, Xie Linshan,
and Crown Prince Chengde
of the Eastern Palace.
But that letter disappeared long ago.
Wei Yan has probably destroyed it by now.
A rumor is all it takes.
Xie Zheng will go looking for proof.
We just need them at each other's throats.
Seventeen years ago,
Wei Yan was too soft-hearted.
That's what led to today's disaster.
Now, we'll just…
set the stage again.
END CREDIT SCENE
GATHERING OF GRACE AND COMPASSION
Your Majesty, I've arrived.
I know it.
Not a single minister in this court
sees me as a true Son of Heaven.
Wei Yan treats me like a puppet emperor.
And Xie Zheng,
does he want to follow suit?
Find some descendant
of the former Eastern Palace,
then play them like a puppet?
Li Xiang, you worthless fool.
You even missed news
that a bloodline of the former
Eastern Palace is still alive.
And you,
do you want a new emperor to serve too?
Do you?
No, I don't.
I beg Your Majesty to calm down.
Please don't harm your dragon health
over this servant's failure.
Your Majesty,
this time, I truly did my best.
The Grand Princess wouldn't help me.
I was at my wit's end.
I had no choice but to risk death
and charge into the military camp.
And then,
the Marquis cut off one of my ears.
Your Majesty, I know I'm useless.
But…
But in my heart,
truly, in my heart,
there is only Your Majesty. Only you.
Come closer.
I'm here.
Does it hurt?
I… I'm fine.
It's healed now.
No. Whether it's Wei Yan or Xie Zheng,
no one sits on this dragon throne.
It's mine. No one.
Yes, Your Majesty.
You are the true Son of Heaven.
Those people aren't worthy.
No. You… You promise me.
You'll serve me forever. I am the emperor.
I…
obey the decree.
NO ANIMALS WERE HARMED
IN THE MAKING OF THIS EPISODE
Subtitle translation by: Wanjiao Song